What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When a repo is initialized Git creates the .git folder containing the
metadata required to maintain and track the repo. Without this, the
repo is just a regular directory.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area allows the user to pick and choose which files from the working
directory should be included in the repo via a commit. This is valuable
because the user can select only the needed files for a given commit to make
sure there is no clutter or unused files in the commits to the repo.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can place only the relevant files into the staging area and check with
Git diff --staged to see that all the changes being comitted are related to
one logical change before committing. 


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches would be helpfull when testing out a new feature seperatley
from your work on the main branch of the project. This way you can
work on different prongs of your project in a linear fashion whithout
having to worry about the features affecting eachother until you are
ready to merge.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

the diagram shows a clear parent, child relationship between commits of all the
branches.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

In merging two branches Git takes the additions made to each file since the
branches split from a common parent commit and combines them. This joins
the progress made in  each seperate branch.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Git's automatic merging can save time if the merge is straightforward. If not
a manual merge will allow the user to be sure the merge is reconciling the different
versions of the code in a way that maintains intended functionality and does
not create any bugs. This process of course takes longer and requires more effort
as well as an understanding of the code.